FAQ added in Databricks (#772)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/reverse-etl/databricks.mdx

Refer to the <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/api/latest/authentication.html#generate-a-personal-access-token">Databricks documentation</a> for more details on generating a personal access token.
</div>

> ###  Does Rudderstack spin the Databricks cluster/sql endpoint everytime it needs to write?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Does RudderStack spin the Databricks cluster or the SQL endpoint every time it needs to write?
```
